---
title: Genesis & Zyrknn'Ia
date: 01-08-2020
description: The origin
author: Aidan Dearing
editor: Tyler Paisley
---

#The Origin of the Universe

##Genesis & Zyrknn'Ia

In the beginning there was an unimaginably large singularity, as old as the universe, and one of the last things. In a reality where space was rapidly expanding to meaninglessness, the singularity was near the end of its natural lifecycle, and in its way, would soon blossom into an explosion of creation. Pure energy would rapidly condense into sub-atomic particles, which would then condense into matter, and so, in the blink of an eye a spectacular bloom of matter expanded outwards into reality. Its energy and mass creating a new frame of reference in space.

Soon, the hot soup of reality would form into a vast expanding mass of incredibly hot plasma that would come to form the first, and one of the strangest forms of life. The plasma that was once the universe became Zyrknn’Ia, a great god being, an entire universe as one Psionic entity. It is said to be able to pierce the veil between realities, an unlidded eye into all the multitude of realities existing in ‘parallel’. Zyrknn’Ia was so distracted by the sight of all reality that at first, they did not notice their fading. As stars and galaxies formed Zyrknn’Ia split into many lesser ‘Zyr’. The Zyr, while smaller, are still immensely powerful as they are the pillars of creation for the universe. These nebulae in which most life resides seem to have a sway to them. Each Zyr with their own unique Psionic personality and domain of command within which lesser minds can fall prey to their influence.

In time, those with the ability to understand and appreciate reality would come to find that the universe is simply one state, among an infinitude of states in a multiverse of universes, where every possible eventuality to every possible reality was occurring. Universes that froze at the beginning, universes without gravity, others time, yet others both, and an infinite variety beyond.

